{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/lectgit/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":0,"position":0,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":26,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["# Project 1 App","-----","","","#### Coldplay on Heroku App.","","This app is based on the popular band [Coldplay](http://coldplay.com/). This app retrieves song and image data from Twitter and Genius' API. Every refresh displays a random song and a random quote from Twitter. There is also an image of the band at the center of the page.","","### Search theme","","  The theme I search for was 'Coldplay'. I also sorted by popularity and than I used the link as the theme to search for quotes.","  "," For the song image and title I searched for 'Coldplay' on Genius' API and used the json to get the image and title in the result block.","","### Known Issues","","The project was mostly operational. I did have some issues before competing the app. Thes are:","*","*","* When deploying to Heroku there was an error that the server was unavailable. The issue was, I didnt push every file to github, specifically the html file. This meant that Heroku couldnt read the html file that I linked app;py to. Once I pushed all files and folders to the github repo, the app was running without errors.","","","","","","**Click [here](https://warm-savannah-67240.herokuapp.com/) to see the App!**",""],"id":2},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":36,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["# Project 1 App","-----","","","#### Coldplay on Heroku App.","","This app is based on the popular band [Coldplay](http://coldplay.com/). This app retrieves song and image data from Twitter and Genius' API. Every refresh displays a random song and a random quote from Twitter. There is also an image of the band at the center of the page.","","### Search theme","","  The theme I search for was 'Coldplay'. I also sorted by popularity and than I used the link as the theme to search for quotes.","  "," For the song image and title I searched for 'Coldplay' on Genius' API and used the json to get the image and title in the result block.","","### Known Issues","","The project was mostly operational. I did have some issues before competing the app. Thes are:","* A little problem I encountered when loading a picture was the file type. I used .jpg for","all the song art while some of the were .png. This led to some pictures not showing.","* There was a setback when I wasnt sure how to match a random picture with a random song. I","fixed it by using the same variable for both the picture and the song. ","* I could not get the picture to the html file through the python code because I didnt have this","'{{}}' to the picture variable. ","* When deploying to Heroku, there was an error that the server was unavailable. ","The issue was, I didnt push every file to github, specifically the html file. ","This meant that Heroku couldnt read the html file that I linked app;py to. ","Once I pushed all files and folders to the github repo, the app was running without errors.","","### Future works",""," A change I could add to the project at any time, could be links to the band's social"," media. I can add a Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and YouTubeVevo icons which will send the"," user to the respective socia media pages.","","","","**Click [here](https://warm-savannah-67240.herokuapp.com/) to see the App!**"]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":28.666854858398438,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":11,"column":2},"end":{"row":11,"column":2},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":16,"state":"start","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1567643436088,"hash":"869fd164b5d3d6cedb8674f1fbf9dc28347d3e60"}